Remove weight claim (#212)
DE-RSE/2023_paper-RSE-groups: paper.tex

We have identified nine modules that can make up an RSE unit.
In practice, most RSE units will only support some of these modules, and different RSE units will focus on different sets of modules.

> Thus, it is likely that no two RSE units will be, or need to be, alike, and weight the modules equally. 

Reviewer: I am not sure about the language here. I would express the same intent with 

```
Thus, it is likely that no two RSE units will be, or need to be, alike, and that they weight the modules differently. 
```

Funnily, these formulations use contradictory terms, but I think we are trying to express the same thing. Language wizards to the rescue!

> Thus, it is likely that no two RSE units will be, or need to be, alike, and weight the modules equally. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus, it is likely that no two RSE units will be, or need to be, alike, and that they weight the modules differently. 
```
